As you can see, the world is changing in the age of AI, but are people and companies or governments preparing properly? KBS interviewed the vice president of Microsoft, Brad Smith, who visited Korea. I heard what kind of role people should consider in the world where AI will change and what kind of work they are preparing with Korean companies. Hello, Mr. President. Microsoft is well known in Korea for its founder Bill Gates. We also did an exclusive interview with KBS last year. First, I asked AI about who is Brad Smith, the vice president. He is a leader who values human-centered corporate culture. Is that right? I won't complain. I saw the New York Times a few days ago. It said that Samsung is reviewing a way to switch its search engine from Google to Microsoft. Did you have any discussions with Samsung? So, if we can persuade Samsung or others to provide a better service to people, I think we would be delighted to do that. Microsoft is really focused with OpenAI on creating what we call the AI supercomputing infrastructure. We provide the technology on which OpenAI builds these models. And then we provide the data centers, including in Korea, so that people are accessing them. But I think our goal fundamentally is to take technology to a higher level. So, the answer is that the impact on humanity is a double-edged sword. I asked AI itself what side effects it is worried about. It said, I don't need to worry about side effects. It's the job of us as humans to worry. It's my job, our job at Microsoft to worry. It's our job to hope. Recently, Elon Musk of Tesla and some AI experts have said that we need to stop developing cutting-edge AI for at least half a year. What is MS's position on this? How do we get the best value out of this technology? How do we improve schools and opportunities for students? How do we use it to advance healthcare? How do we put new rules in place? If we just stop for six months, I don't think the world is going to look very different in September or October than it does today. But I'd first say, step back. Forty years ago, calculators became popular and some people said, oh, students will no longer need to learn math. The best students use calculators to get better at math, including many people here in Korea. Now, do the same thing with AI. If you want to learn another language, like English, use AI to help you. What do you think is the area where companies can gain strength? Is there a plan for Microsoft to cooperate with Korean companies in this area? I do think AI is something that will enable them to continue to be even more successful, not just here at home, but really on a global basis. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.
